.
[classical music]
- Randall, good morning.
- Hey.
I just got up myself.
- Yeah, you look like
you've been there
all night since we talked.
- I didn't want to miss
anything else.
I'm really not looking forward
to reading the part
in my article where I write
about sleeping soundly
while you and the Prime
Minister became fast friends.
- Well, you missed way more
than us becoming fast friends
because she agreed to hear me
out on the coffee trade deal.
Said we'd get into it today.
- Maybe I'm not cut out
for hard journalism.
Maybe I belong at a desk
talking to a French Bulldog
named Cheese.
- Who?
- Oh, come on.
You really don't watch my show?
Why would I lie about that?
- Dwayne, I am so sorry,
but I'm afraid our coffee talk
is going to have to wait
for a later time.
all chanting:
Respect our choice!
Our mouths and our voice!
- Respect our choice!
- Why are they protesting?
- We held a public vote
to rename the tallest mountain
in Gjelgjiughm, which was
called Cannibal's Peak
due to a gruesome tragedy
that involved
our national soccer team
after a team building hike
went awry.
- Wow. Yeah, I would
change that name too.
Which is what we tried to do.
We took submissions from
our citizens for a few names
and then we put them to a vote.
Well, now, the vote is over,
and apparently the people
are angry with me
for not ratifying their choice
for the new name.
- Which is?
- "Billy, Will You Go
To the Dance With Me,
It's Maria Mountain."
It was submitted by
an 11-year-old,
and it won by a landslide.
I'm supposed to look out
for the people, right?
And make the calls that are
sometimes too tough for them
to make on their own.
- Mm. I struggled
in my relationship
with the public too,
especially earlier on
in my career
when The Rock
became a household name.
At first, things were great.
I was being myself,
and my popularity
was skyrocketing,
so Vince used
my growing stature
to create a little unrest
in the Nation of Domination.
The Rock feels like this,
Farooq.
You are the greatest thing
since an egg white omelet,
so The Rock offers you this.
See, I had just bought my
fellow Nation members Rolexes,
but I had a special gift
for Farooq.
Hey, go ahead. Go ahead.
Show the world.
Why don't you turn it
around here?
[upbeat rock music]
- * You can't
take your eyes off me *
God, I love that angle.
My recipe for success
was simple.
I trusted my gut,
and good things would happen.
- Damn, kid. I ain't heard
a pop like that in years, man.
- Thanks, brother.
The Attitude Era
was taking off in the WWF.
Attendance records
across the country,
and our rosters were stacked.
Rest...in...peace.
I got two words for you.
Suck it!
- You ain't got the balls
to beat me.
- And that's the bottom line,
'cause Stone Cold says so.
I'm Chad Frost.
Wait, who's Chad Frost?
- At the time,
Chad and Stone Cold
were the two biggest stars
in the WWF.
- Really? I know everyone
from that era,
and I don't remember
a Chad Frost.
- I'll get to that,
but first...
- Hey, Rock. We're gonna
go grab some beers.
- You wanna join?
- Uh, no.
I like to wake up in
the next town I'm wrestling in.
- Yo, I promise you, you'll
wake up in the next town.
You just might not know
how you got there.
[laughter]
- Those late night drives to
the next stop on the circuit
gave me time to catch up
with my family.
[phone dials and line rings]
- Do you see how the pillows
add a pop of color
- and some back support?
- Yeah.
- Ugh, Mom,
can you answer that?
- I don't answer phones
at other people's houses.
- [groans]
- [sighs]
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
- Oh, hey, Dad?
- Hey, Dewey. Yeah.
Hey, great show tonight.
You heading out with the boys?
No, I'm just driving ahead
to Albuquerque
for tomorrow's match.
- Don't make it
all about business, honey.
Make sure you enjoy some time
with your friends.
- Well, you know
how competitive it is.
These guys are so good.
I got to separate myself
from the pack.
- That's smart.
The locker room can be
a viper's nest
if you're not careful.
- A cobra's den.
- Uh, no offense,
but this is a different era.
These guys have been great.
It's because vipers
are masters of
the silent attack, son.
- The dance of the cobra has
fooled many a mouse, Dewey.
What they're trying to say is
don't worry about
the other guys.
Do your thing, and you're good.
- Uh, yeah, I'll try.
[car horn honks]
Let me call you back.
Hey. Nice car.
Oh, thanks, man.
- You should learn
how to drive it.
[tires screeching]
[laughs]
.
- One new aspect of
the Attitude Era
was that the WWF
had started hiring writers
to help with storylines--
like Brian.
- I know that you've always
got Triple H's back,
but, you know, I wonder
if maybe we shouldn't
sow some division
between you two.
No thanks.
Our love is a bond
that can't be shaken.
And I am so happy for you,
but, you know, I can't help
but wonder for a storyline...
- I said our bond
cannot be shaken.
- Would you be open
to wearing a funny hat?
Also a pass. Okay.
- Most guys were skeptical
of help from anyone
who wasn't a former wrestler,
but I was cool with anyone
who had great ideas.
So Brian became kind of
my secret weapon.
- Hey, man.
- Hi.
- You have something for me?
- Oh, yeah.
Vince wants to build
your rivalry with Triple H
in a promo tonight.
Here comes the man himself.
- Well, isn't it
the cast of "Twins."
What?
- You know, you're big.
He's small.
- Bit of a thinker.
- Disagree.
- I'm actually average height.
- Not really.
- All right, what do you guys
wanna hit
- for your promo tonight?
- Easy. I'll come at you
with how obsessed you are
with yourself.
- Ooh, I like that.
We've been leaning into that
- with the Nation stuff already.
- Hey, and I got this idea.
Last night,
this dude on the road
reeled me in with a compliment
then blindsided me
with an insult.
I'll go at you.
You hit me with a comeback,
and we're out.
- Hey, Brian.
- Yeah.
- What's something
I can reel him in with
and then destroy him?
Well...you ever notice
how he speaks in promos?
[laughs]
- Look at The Rock-uh.
So pleased with himself-uh.
He's got his own name
on his ass-uh.
You know, Triple H,
that's why they call you
the Cerebral Assassin,
because there's not
one detail that gets by you.
But speaking of asses,
is yours okay?
Because every time you talk,
you sound constipated.
[laughter]
I could've ended there,
but my gut told me to push it.
[mimics Triple-H]
Tonight-uh...
I am The Game-uh...
and for the next 20 minutes-uh
I'm gonna be talking
like this-uh
and saying absolutely
nothing-uh.
[cheers and applause]
[upbeat rock music]
* *
Hey, Pat. Not bad, huh?
- Yeah, yeah.
Triple H talks funny.
Listen.
You were a minute heavy
on that promo.
- You gotta stay on time, Dewey.
- Yes, sir.
What the hell, man?
You were going to insult me,
not do some long-ass
impression.
- I got us a pop.
- You got yourself a pop.
Man, you have
a really big head.
When you only look out
for yourself,
no one's gonna
wanna work with you.
So why don't you go
take your funny lines
and stick them up your [bleep]?
I don't get it, man.
I do an impression,
the crowd pops,
and Hunter's whining about it
saying I'm only looking out
for myself.
Look, man, you're blowing up.
The company clearly sees
your star potential.
So then what's the problem?
- As someone rises,
someone else has to fall.
The more you push
for greatness,
the more you gonna have to
watch your back.
Viper's den.
- It's actually cobra's den,
viper's nest.
- Why does a cobra get a den
and a viper gets a nest?
- If you're lucky,
you'll never find out.
- Did you eat your chimichanga
Brian style?
Covered in ketchup.
- Putting ketchup on everything
is Brian style?
- Also great on spaghetti.
- Oh, my God.
- All right, listen up.
[clears throat]
Bit of an announcement.
Unfortunately, Chad Frost
has injured his knee
and will be out for six months.
That's a blow to the roster,
so the rest of the company
will need to step up
while he recovers.
- I guess this's the only way
I'm getting a vacation.
[laughter]
Thank you.
Hey, hang in there, Chad.
Ah, I'll be all right. Hey.
- Keep killing it, bro.
- I appreciate that, brother.
You got it.
- [sighs]
That's rough.
- Chad is a class act.
- Yeah. Totally.
But Chad Frost and Stone Cold
are the company's
two biggest stars.
With him out, that's a big hole
at the top of the card.
Vince is gonna be looking for
somebody to fill it.
- I wanna be that guy.
What do we have to do?
- Show out. Impress Vince.
Make the choice undeniable.
- Though Farooq
had warned me,
[mellow chords]
- I was already fully
The Rock.
* The Rock says
that Cleveland *
* Is totally lame *
[crowd boos]
And with Brian's help,
I dialed it up to 11.
* Hall of fame *
* The Rock has to say,
"Aw, shucks" *
We drew upon my love of
country music.
* 'Cause Cleveland
doesn't rock *
* No, it totally sucks *
[laughs]
[crowd booing]
I tested the limits of what
a heel could get away with.
Timmy, what a treat it is
for you to be here.
Tell The Rock
how it makes you feel.
- It makes me...
- It doesn't matter
how it makes you feel.
- [crowd booing]
- [crying]
- And then there were
the catchphrases.
A lotta guys had one,
maybe two big lines.
But I thought,
"Why limit myself?"
A roody-poo candy ass.
Finally...
- all: The rock has come back...
- The Rock has come back
to Memphis.
Know your role
and shut your mouth.
In front of the millions...
all: And millions.
- And millions
of The Rock's fans.
If you smell-l-l-l-l ow
what The Rock is cooking.
[cheers and applause]
Dwayne, you went heavy again.
I don't love it
when people mess with
the timing of the show.
Throws everything outta whack.
- Of course. I'll work on it.
- Good.
You know, SummerSlam's
just around the corner.
I'm thinking about
putting you up
against Triple H
in a ladder match.
- You serious?
- Yeah.
You would be the match
before the main event.
Stone Cold had that slot
at last year's SummerSlam.
This year,
he headlined WrestleMania.
It's amazing. Thank you.
- But I can't have you
going heavy.
Especially since
I been hearing things.
- Hearing things?
What things?
- Don't worry about it.
It's not important.
This a big moment.
Lotta eyeballs on you.
I want to make sure
you can handle
that kind of spotlight
the way I need you to.
Can't have you getting
a big head, you know?
Right. Big head.
Turns out the vipers
weren't trying to poison me.
They were poisoning Vince.
So I went to
confront the snake.
- Just got off the phone
with my wife.
Corn worms got to
my tomato plants again.
- Moths ate
one of my turtlenecks.
Hunter, let's talk.
Ooh, am I in trouble?
[laughs]
- So that's how you're gonna
play it, huh?
- Come after my big head.
- What are you talking about?
- You can't handle the heat
in the ring, so you go off
and tattle to Daddy Vince
behind my back?
- Whoa, I didn't tattle
about nothing to nobody,
especially not to Vince.
You need to get
your story straight.
- Man, Triple H denied
the whole thing.
- What whole thing?
- He was the one
who trash talked me to Vince
behind my back.
Told him I had a big head
or something like that,
which is true technically,
but it's proportionally right
- for my body.
- It wasn't him.
I know because I was there
when it happened.
- Look, all I'm sayin'
is Rock ain't ready.
I mean, he thinks
he's better than everybody.
The guys don't trust him.
I just don't know if
he can handle the top spot.
- I appreciate you
telling me this.
It matters to me
what my best guys think.
[edgy music]
* *
- I'm so much smaller
than all the guys,
people just forget I'm there.
I get it now.
Chad Frost
wasn't a real wrestler.
- It's a pseudonym.
- That's right.
That guy never turned out
to be a friend,
and I'll just leave it there.
Oh, my wrestling blogs,
they are gonna be
blowing up
about Chad Frost's
true identity.
[sighs]
Chad Frost smiled at me,
shook my hand,
looked me in the eye,
and he still did that?
- Yeah, I couldn't
believe it either.
- Dad was right.
Viper's nest.
I told you. Tell him.
- Cobra's den.
- Yeah.
And now I have a ladder match
with a guy I just chewed out
for no reason.
How am I supposed to
show Vince I'm the guy
when I'm working with someone
who doesn't trust me?
You got great instincts,
but the guys need to know
once you get in the ring
and follow your gut that you're
gonna take 'em with you.
You do that,
you'll earn his trust.
- Madison Square Garden
has been sold out for months.
This is the tenth annual
SummerSlam.
[upbeat rock music]
* *
- Hey, brother.
Let's do this.
With my dad's words
running through my head,
I knew what I had to do.
- You have 20 minutes, Dewey.
Tear the house down.
* *
- [sighs]
Showtime.
[cheers and boos]
- The structure in this match,
folks,
who've never seen
a ladder match:
No pinfalls
or submissions.
The Intercontinental belt will
be attached to that apparatus.
They'll defend it
over the ring.
Only way to reach it
is on the ladder.
And of course, the first man
to reach the belt
is the winner.
- [indistinct]
- All right.
Okay, ring the bell.
Let's go.
.
- Two of the great
young athletes in the WWF.
Gonna strut their stuff here
on pay-per-view
at SummerSlam.
[cheers and applause]
Puts The Rock down,
and now Triple H...
Going out for the ladder.
Triple H delivers the--
oh, man!
And he's down again.
Now he wants a chair.
Isn't there enough
steel in the ring?
Oh!
And he got a real spike!
Tossed him outside.
What's he gonna do now?
He's got some
evil intentions here.
Uhh!
[crowd commotion]
- I was determined
to show Triple H that
I was willing to put
my body on the line for him,
work with him,
and do whatever I had to do
to get this match
over with the fans.
[dramatic music]
- You got color?
What's your angle?
No angle.
This ain't about me.
This is about us.
[cheers and applause]
* *
I just hope what I said
got through to him.
- And Helmsley's going
for The Rock.
This is a match--
you bet they are.
Right hand by Triple H.
[cheers and applause]
- Now, Helmsley putting
the ladder in position.
He's up there.
Second rung, third.
Well, these two young studs
are taking it
out on each other.
Okay, good.
Tell him to bring it home.
- Nice work, boys.
Time to go home.
- I sensed the crowd
hadn't peaked yet.
They wanted more.
[sighs]
Not yet.
We got more work to do.
You trust me?
- Not really.
But let's do this.
- Oh, what a--what a physical,
thrilling battle.
They are dissecting
each other here
in this ladder match
at SummerSlam.
I said wrap it up, damn it!
That's some bomb!
Helmsley had just hit
Rock bottom.
- Seriously, Rock?
Straight from Vince.
- Time to go home.
- Hang on, Mike.
You got it now, Rock.
- Helmsley
is writhing in pain.
How much more can
these human beings take?
- No, no way. No way.
Oh!
Can you imagine
how that feels?
Oh, wait a minute.
The People's Elbow?
Yes!
You're kidding!
Yeah!
That was just heinous.
The People's Elbow
was able...
driven right on
Helmsley's heart.
With that pop we got,
you would've thought
the roof was gonna cave in.
Okay.
I think it's time.
[cheers and applause]
Helmsley again, on one leg.
He can barely put weight
on his right knee.
He's inches away.
Inches away.
[dramatic music]
* *
- Oh, those shots.
- Man.
- Big time right hand.
- Oh.
I would say Rock's gonna
get the--oh, Chyna's in.
- Oh!
[announcers shouting
indistinctly]
- Helmsley is looking for gold.
- Get up, Rock!
Get up, Rock!
He got it!
- Yes! He did it.
[bell rings]
He did it.
Triple H did it.
[Triple H's theme song]
Triple H.
- Wow, what an effort
by both men.
But Triple H did it
on one bad knee.
- [sighs]
Hey.
Do me a favor.
Milk the exit.
I'm gonna lay here
for a minute.
- Thanks for the direction,
Spielberg.
[chuckles]
Even though I had
won Triple H over
and gone heavy with the time,
my gut was telling me
just lay there in defeat.
Then something incredible
happened.
The fans felt for me.
[all chanting "Rocky]
- They started chanting my
name like I was a baby face.
chanting: Rocky, Rocky,
Rocky, Rocky, Rocky!
That was a moment
I will never forget.
- What the hell
are you doing out there?
20 minutes
means 20 damn minutes.
- Get Stone Cold and Taker
going.
- I'm sorry for
going heavy, boss.
I know what
you're going to say...
- Dwayne, that...
[sighs]
Was awesome.
- I proved to Vince
that I could be
the WWF's next big star,
side-by-side with Austin,
but that match also showed
me and Vince something else.
The fans were ready for
The Rock to turn baby face,
and that turn would kickstart
the next epic phase
of my career.
Now, everyone's gonna
have their opinion on
how I should operate.
But staying true to myself,
even if it means
ruffling some feathers,
has always been
the key to my success.
You trusted your gut.
- Yes, exactly, and it's always
paid off for me.
- I can't let them
name that mountain.
- There you go.
Your gut has spoken.
- [chuckles]
Okay.
Well, if you will excuse me,
I need to go
and draft a statement.
- Sounds good.
- Thank you, Dwayne.
- Any time, Prime Minister.
- Okay.
- Any time.
- All right
That was nice.
I thought you might bring up
the trade deal at the end.
Nah, it didn't feel right.
I got to listen to my gut.
The opportunity
will present itself.
Hey, watch out for
the grass crabs around here.
- They love an exposed ankle.
- Oh.
[phone chimes]
I stood on the lawn
worried about grass crabs.
How did I get here?
[phone chimes]
Uh, play Talking Heads.